HW6/instructions.md, before:

Instructions

Please submit your source code and Readme file via Sakai.


You should implement 3 basic functions: GET, BOUNCE and EXIT, examples as below:

Client input: GET <Test.txt>  Server output: The content of Test.txt

Client input BOUNCE <Hello World>  Server output: Hello World

For Exit:
          The difference between EXIT and EXIT <\code> is:
          - For EXIT command, you should print out the default value/message.
          - For EXIT <\code> command, you should print out the "code".
          - For example, for EXIT CHROME_ERRORCODE_6.2.2.6613", your server end should print out the message "CHROME_ERRORCODE_6.2.2.6613".
          For EXIT, your server end should print out a message like "Normal_Exit". The output may differ, depends on your default exit code.

Note: You can apply any sign to replace "<>",  just make your server can be able to identify client input is OK. 


This  time only, do not compress your files. The submission sample could be like this:

Readme file Please also include one set of example commands on how to run your code)
- server_header.h
- client_header.h
- server_main.c
- client_main.c

Submit only what is required. Do not submit object files, executable, or temporary editor files.


We will have a 3-minute demo in two weeks. During the demo, please open one sample file, the Readme file, three terminals(one for the sever, two for the clients), and type in your commands.

The demo will be held on April 13th after your submission time (specific time will be announced later in few days and you will receive another reminder for demo arrangements).

Grading is based on the following aspects:

- The file format
- Program and Comment your code liberally
- Achieve all functionality
- Proper documentation
- Demo

Commit message:

update codes from book after test

HW6/instructions.md, after:

Instructions

Please submit your source code and Readme file via Sakai.

// the book mentioned in the Network+Programming+Assignment.pdf is SE Appendix B.pdf


You should implement 3 basic functions: GET, BOUNCE and EXIT, examples as below:

Client input: GET <Test.txt>  Server output: The content of Test.txt

Client input BOUNCE <Hello World>  Server output: Hello World

For Exit:
          The difference between EXIT and EXIT <\code> is:
          - For EXIT command, you should print out the default value/message.
          - For EXIT <\code> command, you should print out the "code".
          - For example, for EXIT CHROME_ERRORCODE_6.2.2.6613", your server end should print out the message "CHROME_ERRORCODE_6.2.2.6613".
          For EXIT, your server end should print out a message like "Normal_Exit". The output may differ, depends on your default exit code.

Note: You can apply any sign to replace "<>",  just make your server can be able to identify client input is OK.


This  time only, do not compress your files. The submission sample could be like this:

Readme file Please also include one set of example commands on how to run your code)
- server_header.h
- client_header.h
- server_main.c
- client_main.c

Submit only what is required. Do not submit object files, executable, or temporary editor files.


We will have a 3-minute demo in two weeks. During the demo, please open one sample file, the Readme file, three terminals(one for the sever, two for the clients), and type in your commands.

The demo will be held on April 13th after your submission time (specific time will be announced later in few days and you will receive another reminder for demo arrangements).

Grading is based on the following aspects:

- The file format
- Program and Comment your code liberally
- Achieve all functionality
- Proper documentation
- Demo
